Release notes for 0.4.0 (#211)
pika-org/pika: CHANGELOG.md

<!--- Distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0. (See accompanying -->
<!--- file LICENSE_1_0.txt or copy at http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt) -->

## 0.4.0 (2022-05-04)

### New features

> - Annotations are now inherited from the scheduling task instead of the spawning task for `transfer`. ([#172](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/142))

Reviewer: In the previous release notes I've linked to PRs rather than issues because they typically contain more information about the actual change (but also links to the issue), rather than speculation about what might be needed. I'm not set on this though, and we could link to issues if you think it's nicer. I suppose the no-compromise solution would be to link to both (if available).

Whatever we settle on, the numbers need to be fixed in the link (142 is another issue).

What do you think?

Author: I was thinking the issue could be found from the PR, but I don't mind putting both either
Will fix the number!

Author: I changed it to 188 i.e. the PR, let me know if you also want me to link the issue

- Annotations for bulk regions are now lifted up around the work loop on each worker thread using a scoped annotation. ([#197](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/197))
- It is now allowed to pass a lambda with `auto` parameters to `then`. ([#182](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/182))

> - A new scheduler based on std::thread is available. ([#200](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/200))

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
- A scheduler that spawns `std::thread`s is now available. ([#200](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/200))
```
? I'm trying to think of a way to distinguish this from the existing schedulers which also spawn `std::thread`s, but for a different purpose... I'm not sure this makes it any better though.

### Breaking changes

> - Cleaned up various modules and moved minor functionality into `detail` namespaces. ([#179](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/179))

Reviewer: Also add #196 please.

### Bugfixes

> 

Reviewer: I would also include #176 and #183 here.

> - The `ensure_started_sender` can now be discarded without being connected to its corresponding receiver. ([#180](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/180))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The sender returned by `ensure_started` can now be discarded without being connected to a receiver. ([#180](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/180))
```

> - The segmentation fault in the split sender adaptor is now fixed. ([#203](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/203))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A lifetime issue in the `split` sender adaptor is now fixed. ([#203](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/203))
```

> - The scheduler forwarding in `schedule_from` is now properly handled. ([#166](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/166), [#186](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/186), [#196](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/196))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The scheduler forwarding in `schedule_from` is now properly handled. ([#186](https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/186))
```
